allow to filter for collections and objects (#343)
chStaiger/iBridges-Gui: docs/faq.qmd

You can increase the timeout in your `irods_environment.json` file by adding a new entry with `"connection_timeout": <time in seconds>,`.

Note, that the **maximum number equals 292 years**, i.e. `"connection_timeout": 9208512000,`.

## My metadata with keys starting with `org_` do not show up in the iBridges metadata.

By default, iBridges does not show metadata that contain a key starting with the prefix *org_*. This is due to data security reasons on Yoda systems.

You can omit that only by using the [iBridges API](https://ibridges.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#my-metadata-with-keys-starting-with-org-do-not-show-up-in-the-ibridges-metadata).

## How can I download files that follow a certain pattern but do not lie in the same collection?

You can use the *Search* for this. With the search mask you can filter for specific data no matter where they are located. In the results table you can select those files you would like to download.

## How do I find all the data I have access to?

> Shared data objects always needs to lie in a collection that you can access, it's an iRODS feature.

Author: ```suggestion
When data is shared in iRODS it is not always easy to know where the shared data lies as they are not visible from your "home" collection or project collection.

However, shared data objects always need to lie in a collection that you can access, it's an iRODS feature.
```
